---
layout: post
title:  "GitHub to drupal.org blockers"
date:   2013-12-28 18:34:00
categories: repos
---

HubDrop started with the idea that we could all benefit from drupal module code living on GitHub.

Turns out mirroring drupal modules on github was pretty easy.

Mirroring a module on GitHub, back to drupal.org, turns out to be a lot harder.

In order to make the hubdrop repos at http://github.com/drupalprojects the source, we need to know two things:

1. Who are the users allowed to commit to VCS for each Drupal project.
2. What those users' GitHub usernames are.

Once we can do that, we can automatically grant push access to the correct GitHub users, using drupal.org as the canonical maintainers list.

So, if you are involved in Drupal.org development, please see [Issue #2161929 Add a profile field for GitHub account](https://drupal.org/node/2161929) and [Issue #1090056 Show a version of the maintainers tab for all users](http://drupal.org/node/1090056)

But for now, I am going to look for a link to your github user on your drupal.org account.

The process will be like this:

1. A module maintainer adds "hubdrop" to their drupal.org project, with permission to "Write to VCS" and "Manage maintainers".  
2. Maintainers add a link to their github user page to their drupal.org profile.
3. Visit the hubdrop page for your project (ie. http://hubdrop.io/project/views) and hit "Enable GitHub-to-Drupal sync".
4. All the maintainers will be granted Push access to the project on GitHub.

The maintainers list is still maintained on drupal.org. Any code pushed to drupal.org will still be synced over to github.

From that point, anyone who has forked the repo will be able to submit pull requests.


